Latest round of Stef Note corrections #1892 (#1935)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/storage-provider/basics/overview/index.md

---
title: "Becoming a storage provider"

> description: "This page will help you understand how to plan a profitable business, deseign a suitable storage provider architechure and and make the right hardware investments."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This page will help you understand how to plan a profitable business, design a suitable storage provider architecture, and and make the right hardware investments."
```

> description: "This page will help you understand how to plan a profitable business, design a suitable storage provider architecture, and and make the right hardware investments."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This page will help you understand how to plan a profitable business, design a suitable storage provider architecture, and make the right hardware investments."
```
